#summary One-sentence summary of this page.
#labels Featured,Phase-Requirements,Phase-Design

= Introduction =

EasyMYP is a tool that has been made so that I could start working on the WAR AddOn/UI System. It ended up growing a bit from a command line tool to a GUI with a set of libraries. The GUI is far from finished as one can see when you download the tool.
Since I did not know if I was going to play the game, i did not really work on the GUI, did not see any use to it. However I'll try to make the tree view work as soon as possible since it will be much easier to search for files that way instead of the brute list.


= Details =

Requirements:
  * The program is made in C# with the .NET framework 2, sorry for the *nix users out there.

The list of functionalities the tool can do:
  * Extract whole *MYP* archives, it _MIGHT_ work on *UOP* files
  * Extract a single file
  * Use a hash file to find the names of the files in the archives (Hash/hashes_filename.txt format is: ph#sh#full_filename). I ll try to make it an option so you can actually load a hash file instead of the file requiring to be in a fixed folder.

_*At the moment, no hashlist will be provided, there are risks involved in doing so*_

= List of ToDos =
  * *Urgent*: Allow a user to actually choose the extraction path, at the moment, extraction will be done where the archive is found, this might mean your war folder, which is bad for the game (it does not like to have all the files extracted it seems).
  * Make the tree view show file tree and system tree
  * Make the tree view react to drag and drops
  * Allow for file replacement (this is *bugged* atm, compression problem)

= Reminders =
  * In no way what so ever I guarantee the program to work on your system.
  * In no way what so ever I am eligible for suing for your wrong doings with this tool.

= Help =
  * If some are interested in trying to better the tool, feel free to contact me.
  * You can find me on irc.freenode.com in the #waruidev channel sometimes.